docs: miscellaneous updates (edge) (#1936)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/registries-and-packs/spectro-cli-reference.md

:::info

> We recommend using an OCI registry for storing and maintaining your packs. Refer to the [OCI registry](registries/oci-registry/oci-registry.md) section for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using an OCI registry to store and maintain your packs. Refer to the [OCI registry](registries/oci-registry/oci-registry.md) section for more information.
```
